The
Course, course, hey, hey
Give me coffee
It's time to leave
Hurry up
Yes, yes
The course is just beginning
The scent is also high
Course, course, hey, hey
Stop writing
Hurry up
It's time to leave
Yes, I'm back
It's a course in the fifth grade
The dance of the 35th grade
That 35th, that 35th
I sat down at the 35th grade
Rhythm down, rhythm down
Spring rhythm
We don't know what to worry about
Don't say a word
Cheer up, cheer up
Spring sun
Come on, change it
Our song
Fun, fun, fun
Sing one heart
I wonder if it's a throat
Spring day
The voice of the chicken
Come on, take a night
Vacations andrendre
Let's make a bass
Let's get it it
就ご iTunes
And sing together
Take my song
Please come back, come back, come back to our song
There are many things, but
clothes and spring are not many
Nichtsat nossa dakika
Hahaha
I see
Not, not fun
It's not love, it's for the sake of the parents
Eh, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
You're good at it, eh, come on, come on, come on, come on
Oshima
Translated by Releska